After finishing up on HTML and CSS today I begin learning Javascript this comes after however days of me not being consistent as I was busy with my Semester A exams I know this is just but an excuse but here is day 1 of 21 days of javascript consistency.  In this practice exercise I will be learning of how to add javascript to index.html as well as my first javascript code. we first store references to the <li> elements inside a variable called listItems. We then define a function called toggleDone() that adds the done class to a list item if it doesn't already have it, and removes the class if it does. Finally, we loop through the list items (using forEach()) and add an event listener (using addEventListener()) to each list item so that when it is clicked, the done class is toggled, applying the CSS we defined earlier.
I also used JavaScript to change the heading text to Hello world! by grabbing a reference to the heading and stored it in a variable called myHeading (a container that stores a value). This is similar to how you apply CSS to elements – you first select the elements you want to affect using a CSS selector, and then define the styles you want for those elements. In both cases, when you want to do something to an element, you need to select it first.

Following that, I set the value of the myHeading variable's textContent property (which represents the <h1> element's text content) to Hello world!.

The lines that start with // are JavaScript comments. In the same way as HTML and CSS comments, the browser ignores these, providing a way for you to add notes about your code to help explain how it works.